Add Specification page (#21)
neurostuff/compose-docs: docs/guide/Project/Specification.md

sidebar_position: 2
---

# Meta-Analysis Specification

Now that your studyset's studies have all the necessary information (metadata, coordinates, annotations), you can configure and run a meta-analysis! 

A wizard will guide you through the following key steps of meta-analysis specification.

### 1) **Select the Algorithm and Corrector**  
   *Choose the algorithm for your meta-analysis and, optionally, select a statistical correction method (corrector).*

   Neurosynth-Compose supports several meta-analysis algorithms, powered by NiMARE, a Python library for neuroimaging meta-analysis. 

>    For an overview to the coordinate-based meta-analysis methods supported by NiMARE, [refer to this guide](https://nimare.readthedocs.io/en/stable/cbma.html). 

Reviewer: "For an overview of the coordinate-based meta analysis methods..."

   
   Supported coordinate-based methods include:

   - **MKDADensity** (default): Multi-Kernel Density Analysis. A popular density-based meta-analysis algorithm. Creates a binary sphere around each coordinate.
   - **ALE**: Activation Likelihood Estimation, convolves coordinates with a 3D Gaussian distribution.
   - **MKDAChi2**: Allows you to compare your meta-analysis studies with a larger reference set of studies. It tests whether a higher proportion of studies in your meta-analysis activate a specific voxel compared to a larger population of studies that were not included. For more details, [**see the MKDAChi2 Association tutorial**](/compose-docs/tutorial/advanced/mkda_association)

    For each algorithm, a default set of arguments is used, but you can easily modify them. For a complete reference on available arguments, see the [NiMARE API Docs](https://nimare.readthedocs.io/en/latest/api.html#nimare-meta-meta-analytic-algorithms).

Next, select a method for [multiple comparisons correction](https://nimare.readthedocs.io/en/latest/cbma.html#multiple-comparisons-correction):

   - **FDRCorrector** (default): False Discovery Rate correction. 

>    - **FWECorrector**: Family-Wise Error Rate correction. We strongly recommend using FWECorrector for publication-quality results with 10,000 iteration if possible. This is computationl intesive, however, hence not the default option. 

Reviewer: 10,000 **iterations** if possible. This is **computationally intensive** however, hence not the default option.

>    - **FWECorrector**: Family-Wise Error Rate correction. We strongly recommend using FWECorrector for publication-quality results with 10,000 iteration if possible. This is computationl intesive, however, hence not the default option. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - **FWECorrector**: Family-Wise Error Rate correction. We strongly recommend using FWECorrector for publication-quality results with 10,000s iteration if possible. This is computationally intensive however, hence not the default option. 
```

![Wizard 1](/guide/specification_wizard1.png)

### 2) **Select Analyses**  

>    Now you will select which studies & analyses you want to include in your meta-analysis. To do so, select the annotation column for inclusion, which determines which analyses are used in the meta-analysis. B
>    y default, the "included" column contains all studies and analyses, but you can modify this based on your needs by editing `Annotations` in the Extraction step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Now you will select which studies & analyses you want to include in your meta-analysis. To do so, select the annotation column for inclusion, which determines which analyses are used in the meta-analysis. By default, the "included" column contains all studies and analyses, but you can modify this based on your needs by editing `Annotations` in the Extraction step.
```
